k3s: Update information about dual-stack (#4010)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/installation/network-options/_index.md

Dual-stack is supported on k3s v1.21 or above.

> To enable dual-stack in k3s, you must provide valid dual-stack `cluster-cidr` and `service-cidr` on all server nodes. Both servers and agents must provide valid dual-stack `node-ip` settings. Node address auto-detection is not supported on dual-stack clusters, because kubelet fetches just the first IP address that it finds. Besides, only vxlan backend is supported at the moment. This is an example of a valid configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable dual-stack in K3s, you must provide valid dual-stack `cluster-cidr` and `service-cidr` on all server nodes. Both servers and agents must provide valid dual-stack `node-ip` settings. Node address auto-detection is not supported on dual-stack clusters because kubelet fetches only the first IP address that it finds. Additionally, only vxlan backend is supported currently. This is an example of a valid configuration:
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!

> To enable dual-stack in K3s, you must provide valid dual-stack `cluster-cidr` and `service-cidr` on all server nodes. Both servers and agents must provide valid dual-stack `node-ip` settings. Node address auto-detection is not supported on dual-stack clusters, because kubelet fetches only the first IP address that it finds. Additionally, only vxlan backend is supported currently. This is an example of a valid configuration:

Reviewer 2: > because kubelet fetches only the first IP address that it finds

Is this accurate? My understanding is that the Kubelet simply will not auto-detect IPv6 addresses, even in single-stack IPv6 configurations.  What about something like this:

```suggestion
To enable dual-stack in K3s, you must provide valid dual-stack `cluster-cidr` and `service-cidr` on all server nodes, and use the `vxlan` flannel backend. Node address auto-detection is not supported for IPv6 addresses; both servers and agents must provide valid dual-stack `node-ip` settings. This is an example of a valid configuration:
```

Reviewer 3: Michal is correct. Kubelet is able to auto-detect ipv6 addresses. When using this config in a ipv6-only env:
```
write-kubeconfig-mode: 644
token: "secret"
cluster-cidr: 2001:cafe:42:0::/56
service-cidr: 2001:cafe:42:1::/112
disable-network-policy: true
```
Things work and the node autodetects the ipv6 address correctly:
```
Addresses:
  InternalIP:  2a05:d012:c6f:4657:6c48:e448:971d:7487
  Hostname:    i-0dcde0f867f13a6e1
```

Reviewer 2: Oh, that's great. When I looked at it a couple releases back I thought upstream said they wouldn't detect ipv6 node IPs at all.

> To enable dual-stack in k3s, you must provide valid dual-stack `cluster-cidr` and `service-cidr` on all server nodes. Both servers and agents must provide valid dual-stack `node-ip` settings. Node address auto-detection and network policy enforcement are not supported on dual-stack clusters when using the default flannel CNI. Besides, only vxlan backend is supported at the moment. This is an example of a valid configuration:

Reviewer 3: You should remove the network policy enforcement part. I think it was referring to network policies in general

Reviewer 3: Actually, I would remove the whole `Node address auto-detection and network policy enforcement are not supported on dual-stack clusters when using the default flannel CNI`. Node address auto-detection does not work because kubelet just fetches the first IP that it finds, it has nothing to do with flannel CNI

Reviewer 2: I would leave in the bit about node address auto-detection not being supported, but take out the language about flannel. That is an intentional limitation of the upstream Kubelet.

Author: Fixed
